On January 3, 2009, Bitcoin was launched as a peer-to-peer electronic cash system. Many years passed and mining went from cpu to gpu to asic farms run by few creating a system is was made to destroy.
Many mining algorithms implemented into various blockchains to deal with the asic tech that took over blockchains and one by one the asic companies made more asics as new algorithms introduced into the ecosystem. Like an ai on a mission to take over decentralized money.
Solutoins put forward to take back the power of the blockchain into the hands of the at home miners proved well and the arms race from coder to asic code breaker had become a war.
Pre 2018 the common folk outside the commuity had not much knowledge of bitcoin or bitcoin like blockchains and this key was kept inside the community, a community filled with smart inventive people,scammers,peopel wanting to learn,traders,bots and a wild bunch of people dedicated to making bitcoin and altcoins mainstream.
The media shut down bitcoins rise in any chance it could the social media giants pushed the community out. 
and here we are.

Many ideas are worth mixing together

*Dash is the first cryptocurrency based on the work of Satoshi Nakamoto with built-in privacy functions. In this paper we propose a series of improvements to Bitcoin resulting in a decentralized, strongly anonymous cryptocurrency, with tamper-proof instant transactions and a secondary peer-to-peer (P2P) network incentivized to provide services to the Dash Network.
Full nodes are servers running on a P2P network that allow peers to use them to receive updates about the events on the network. These nodes utilize significant amounts of traffic and other resources that incur a substantial cost. As a result, a steady decrease in the amount of these nodes has been observed for some time on the Bitcoin network and as a result, block propagation times have been upwards of 40 seconds. Many solutions have been proposed such as a new reward scheme by Microsoft Research and the Bitnodes incentive program
Masternodes are full nodes, just like in the Bitcoin network, except they must provide a level of service to the network and have a bond of collateral to participate. The collateral is never forfeit and is safe while the masternode is operating. This permits masternode operators to provide a service to the network, earn payment for their services and reduce the volatility of the currency.
(dash white paper credits and refernce)

*Ravencoin was announced on October 31, 2017[ and released binaries for mining on Jan 3, 2018,[12] the respective ninth anniversary of the announcement and launch of Bitcoin. Ravencoin is the bitcoin-like system that will allow users to issue and integrate assets into its blockchain. This will be accomplished in phases which build upon each other.
Create a platform like Bitcoin with a new mining algorithm, x16r, intended to prevent immediate dominance by mining pools, and future dominance by ASIC mining equipment.
Allow the mining rate to increase and the value of the RVN token to naturally grow and gradually disburse to holders that understand the value of the platform.
Utilize proof of work mining, not because it burns a scarce resource of electricity, or the requirement of computer hardware, but instead focuses on the most valuable part of the "work" which is building an ever-larger and time-based wall that protects user data from future tampering and censorship with every new layer.
(raven white paper credits and refernce)


*x16r is perfect for long term adoption node rewards not only help the network but help miners to turn mined "coins" into nodes that create more "coins"

- the wolf pack

The growth model of slow increased rewards to grow network, expand and the concept 
of the "reverse crypto model" is a wolf pack production. 
we will prove this concept and have set the network up to expand in rewards with the miner and masternode growth giving a steady rise taking away from sharp value drops and spikes
you see in crypto markets and miner sales. Using the scale up model we can increase our network strength node amount as the difficulty rises keeping a steady growth peer to peer system to keep value stable and incentives stable.
The scale up model is a slow reward structure using current technology and merging that to combine an equal stage.
x16r to keep the mining fair, 2mb blocks to scale network and private send features for privacy combined with "masternode" tech with a scale up model for stable growth.
Wolf has a logic within it's code to increase supply slowly to both miners and masternode holders as the network grows. Rewards for confirming transactions on the network are "period based increased" to keep up with networth growth of more "miners" joining, as the network expands the rewards slowly increase so as to stable growth and masternode count. This is reverse to most economic models you see within the crypto community (even with bitcoin). Pure growth on any network warrents slow increases to not only reward (and keep up with) masternode holders but to also keep mining rewards less privy to the joiners of the network who have only mined in the first month.
Most of all altcoin  think that by doing a slow decrease or even a rapid one that they will make the coin value stronger "worth more". In this use case we will not only test but prove that increased rewards slowly over a period will keep up with the demand and grow the network masternodes. It will not only fairly reward miners but help grow the network. Value will be more stable and grow with the network, less spikes. This concept is the wolf cornerstone.


